Title: Scout Corp | Vendor Advocacy | Estates & Executors | Mortgagee & Trustee sales

----

Facebook-url: https://www.facebook.com/scoutcorp/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel

----

Linkedin-url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/samantha-mills-4250942b/

----

Instagram-url: 

----

Twitter-url: 

----

Pinterest-url: 

----

Youtube-url: 

----

Show-social-contacts: 1

----

Show-social-menu: 1

----

Footer-txt: 

© 2020, Scout Corp - all rights reserved.
Site made with <i class="uk-icon-heart"></i> by (link: https://kirby.zone text: kirbyzone).
SEO by (link: https://broadcastseo.com.au text: Broadcast SEO).

----

Terms-txt: 

Introduction
1.	These Terms and Conditions are applicable to all services provided by Samantha Mills Trading As Scout Corp (“Scout Corp”) and to the use of the Website: http://www.scoutcorp.com.au/
2.	Your agreement to these terms and conditions will be indicated by: the execution of any contract, commencement or completion of any business activities, or use of any of our services, including the Website, whichever occurs first. 
3.	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws in force in the State of New South Wales. 
4.	These Terms and Conditions may be amended at any time without notice.
5.	If any clause of these Terms and conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the invalid or unenforceable clause shall be deemed to be omitted. 

Confidentiality
6.	We may collect confidential and personal information about you.  
7.	As far as the law permits, Scout Corp will keep the information confidential and not share it with third parties. 

Indemnity
8.	The Client indemnifies Scout Corp against all losses, damage or liability arising in connection with: 
•	claims by third parties of infringement of intellectual property; 
•	competing claims to title; 
•	claims by government authorities for breach of laws; or 
•	liability for taxes, duties, fines or penalties.

Limitation of Liability
9.	To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Scout Corp gives no warranties, and shall have no liability to the Client in relation to:
•	Use or implementation of the Scout Corp services;
•	Unsuitability of Scout Corp services for any specific purpose;
•	Any other liability relating to the project works or outcomes from Scout Corp services;
•	Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this clause, neither Scout Corp, its employees, nor contractors shall have any liability in relation to any indirect or consequential loss, relating to any of the services provided. 
•	Any advice provided by Scout Corp is general advice only and Scout Corp accept no liability if the desired result is not achieved by the Client. 

Intellectual Property
10.	Save and except for any third party copyright included on this website under a licence or agreement, all the content of this Website and downloads from it, is owned by Scout Corp. All rights reserved.

11.	Other than for the purposes of and subject to the conditions prescribed under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (or any other applicable legislation throughout the world), or as otherwise provided for in this copyright notice, no part of any Content may in any form or by any means (including electronic, mechanical, photocopying or recording) be reproduced, adapted, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted or reproduced on any other Internet website without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.

12.	Scout Corp makes no warranties or representations that third party material on this Website or material on other websites to which this Website is linked, does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person anywhere in the world. Scout Corp is not, and must not be taken to be, authorising infringement of any intellectual property rights contained in material on other sites by linking this Website to such material on other sites.

13.	This Website may contain trademarks or logos of other companies or organisations and these are proprietary to the registered owner(s) of such marks.

Third Party Material
14.	Scout Corp does not sell or provide your personal information to third parties. However, Scout Corp may use your information without making reference to your name, to create marketing statistics, identity user demands and to assist in meeting your need. 

Consequences of use
15.	This Website may only be used for lawful purposes. Any unlawful use of the Website may give rise to an offence or claim being made against you. 

Links to other websites
16.	Scout Corp may provide links to other websites on the Website. This does not imply any commercial relationship between Scout Corp and the owners of those website.  Scout Corp takes no responsibility for any content displayed on those websites. Scout Corp website may contain information provided by third parties. Scout Corp accepts no responsibility for any advice provided by third parties. 

Disclaimer
17.	All information provided on this website is general in nature and does not apply to your personal circumstances.

----

Privacy-txt: 

Last updated: March 26, 2017
Samantha Mills Trading As Scout Corp ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.scoutcorp.com.au/  website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://www.scoutcorp.com.au/ 
If you need to get into contact with us, please email admin@scoutcorp.com.au 
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address ("Personal Information").
The purpose for which we collect personal information is to provide you with the best service experience possible on the Service and for our internal business purposes that form part of normal business practices. Some provision of personal information is optional. However, if you do not provide us with certain types of personal information, you may be unable to enjoy the full functionality of the Service.
While we do collect your personal information, it is not used for the purposes of sending advertising or newsletters due to the subject matter of the website.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services, that collect, monitor and analyse this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality.
These third-parties may use cookies to help us analyse how our users are using the Service and they have their own Privacy Policies addressing how they use such information.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

Compliance with Laws
We may disclose personal information in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Access and Correction
Australian Privacy Principle 6 of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) allows you to get access to, and correct, the personal information we hold about you in certain circumstances. If you would like to obtain such access, please contact us on the email address set out above.
Please note that the access and correction requirements under this Privacy Policy operates alongside and do not replace other informal or legal procedures by which an individual can be provided access to, or correction of, their personal information, including the requirements under the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth).
Complaints
Australian Privacy Principle 1 of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) allows you to make a complaint about any alleged breaches of privacy. In order to lodge a complaint with us, please contact us using the email address above with the following information:
Your name and address;
Details of the alleged breach of privacy; and
URL link to the alleged breach of privacy (if applicable).
Please allow us 30 days to investigate your complaint, after which we will contact you immediately to resolve the issue.
Retention of Information
We retain information for as long as required, allowed or we believe it useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records.

Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children under 18 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers or replace it with the Personal Information of the Children’s parent or guardian.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Consent
You warrant that you are able to give consents under Australian Law or, in the event that you do not have the capacity to give consent, you warrant that your guardian or attorney is able to give any consent required under this Privacy Policy on your behalf.
You hereby expressly and voluntarily grant your informed consent to us to deal with your personal information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Should you retract your consent, please contact us. If you retract your consent, you acknowledge and agree that failure to provide certain types of personal information may not give you access to the full functionality of the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us on the email address provided at the beginning of this document.

----

Analytics: 

<!-- Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-127953838-1"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'UA-127953838-1');
</script>